Task/126250 syncing documentation (#885)
Cognigy/Extensions: extensions/confluence/README.md

The Confluence Knowledge Connector allows you to connect to Confluence and retrieve data from its pages or folders. This Knowledge Connector adds Knowledge Sources based on the pages retrieved from Confluence. The Extension transforms Confluence's HTML output into structured Markdown. This conversion process supports custom transformation rules and plugins, enabling precise handling of Confluence-specific elements such as macros, panels, and structured content blocks.

> Starting with version 6.0.0, the Knowledge Connector also supports syncing. It uses `upsertKnowledgeSource` to determine whether a source needs to be re-ingested, skipping sources that are already up to date. Any stale sources previously created by this connector that no longer exist are automatically deleted.

Reviewer: @falak-asad  What would stale sources... that no longer exist here mean? We haven't added this to the public docs. Is it just that it was deleted? Or is there a time frame?

```suggestion
Starting with version 6.0.0, the Knowledge Connector also supports knowledge synchronization. Knoweldge synchornization is available in Cognigy.AI 2026.5.0 and later versions. This Knowledge Connector uses `upsertKnowledgeSource` to determine whether a source needs to be re-ingested and to skip sources that are already up to date. Also, if you delete files or folders that were imported with this Knowledge Connector from Confluence, they are also deleted from Cognigy.AI.
```

Author: stale resouces mean that were removed from external knowledge base (for example confluence)

Author: we should also mention Cognigy.AI 2026.5.0 here as well.
